Update TEAMS and TESTING Docs (#2807)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/TESTING.md

1. Now you are connected! You can use this like a normal VM, debug, or create baselines as the following section but without the VM.
1. You may want to start the server in the background by running a command like `nohup npm run start &`

> 1. You may want to check the git branch your one is correct and not head so you can make commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You may want to check the git branch you're on is correct and is not HEAD, so you can make commits.
```

1. Checkout the branch you pushed to Github earlier.
1. Run the install commands: `npm install -g grunt-cli && npm install`

> 1. Set these [environmental variables](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/environment-variables/#default-environment-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set these [environment variables](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/environment-variables/#default-environment-variables).
```
